{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15220\viewh14160\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 sheaservice_hours.mp3\

\b Shea Service is located at five thirty two South four hundred West, in Downtown Salt Lake City. We are open Monday through Friday, from 10am to 5pm. We are closed on weekends.\

\b0 \
sheaservice_status.mp3\

\b Shea Service Order Status. Please leave your first and last name or the name of your business, and a phone number, and we will call you with the status of your order within 24 hours.</Say>
\b0 \
\
\
sheaservice_scheduling_new.mp3\

\b For new customers, press 1
\b0 \
\
sheaservice_scheduling_returning.mp3\

\b For returning customers, press 2
\b0 \
\
sheaservice_scheduling_new_message.mp3\
*this is long\'85 a speedy read would be good \

\b New Customer Scheduling. The Shea Service level one maintenance package includes one hour of service, a baseline diagnostic, cleaning, adjustment and lube, which will tell us the nature of any repairs needed. If your machine needs more than one hour of service we will call you to discuss further estimates and repairs. Our level one maintenance package is ninety nine dollars. Our machine drop off hours are Monday through Friday from 10am to 4pm. We are located at five thirty two South four hundred West, in Downtown Salt Lake City. If you have questions about on-site repairs, please leave your first and last name or the name of your business and we will return your call within 24 hours.
\b0 \
\
sheaservice_scheduling_returning_message.mp3\
*this is long\'85 a speedy read would be good \

\b Return Customer Scheduling. For a Level one diagnostic, which includes one hour of service, baseline diagnostic, cleaning, adjustment and lube, which will tell us the nature of any repairs needed - OR if you know your machine needs more than one hour of service with more advanced repairs, or if you have questions, please leave your first and last name or the name of your business and we will return your call within 12 hours.
\b0 \
\
\
sheaservice_receptionist.mp3\

\b We apologize. Our reception desk is currently unavailable. Main Menu.\

\b0 \
sheaservice_emergency_dispatch.mp3\

\b Emergency Dispatch. To have a repair tech dispatched for an emergency, please leave your first and last name and name of business and your phone number and we will return your call within two hours.
\b0 \
\
\
sheaservice_generalmailbox.mp3\

\b The Shea Service general mailbox. Please leave your first and last name, or name of your business, and your telephone number and message and we will return your call within 24 hours. 
\b0 \
\
sheaservice_welcome.mp3\

\b Thanks for calling Shea Service, future home of FLUID Coffee and Beverage Goods.\

\b0 \
sheaservice_menu_status1. mp3\

\b For the status of an order, press 1\

\b0 \
sheaservice_menu_repair2. mp3\

\b To schedule a repair, press 2\

\b0 \
sheaservice_menu_hours3. mp3\

\b For our hours and location, press 3\

\b0 \
sheaservice_menu_dispatch4.mp3\

\b For Emergency service dispatch, press 4\

\b0 \
sheaservice_menu_general5.mp3\

\b To leave a message in the general mailbox, press 5\

\b0 \
sheaservice_default_mainmenu.mp3\

\b Main Menu.\

\b0 \
sheaservice_default_mainmenu_ss.mp3\

\b Shea Service Main Menu.\

\b0 \
fluidgoods_welcome.mp3\

\b Thanks for calling FLUID, Coffee and beverage goods.\

\b0 \
sheaservice_default_sorry.mp3\

\b We\'92re sorry, we didn\'92t hear anything\

\b0 \
sheaservice_default_repeat.mp3\

\b To repeat this menu, press zero\

\b0 \
sheaservice_default_shea.mp3\
* pronounced \'91mcDUNna\'92\

\b Connecting you to Shea McDonough\

\b0 \
sheaservice_default_darby.mp3\

\b Connecting you to Darby Bailey\
\

\b0 sheaservice_default_goodbye.mp3\

\b Thanks for calling, goodbye!\
\

\b0 sheaservice_default_error.mp3\

\b We\'92re sorry, an error has occurred, we apologize for the inconvenience. Please call again later. Goodbye.\
}